fix: update RULES.md with missing rule (#1330)
MobilityData/gtfs-validator: RULES.md

| [`stop_time_timepoint_without_times`](#stop_time_timepoint_without_times)                                                         | `arrival_time` or `departure_time` not specified for timepoint.                                                                                        |
| [`stop_time_with_arrival_before_previous_departure_time`](#stop_time_with_arrival_before_previous_departure_time)                 | Backwards time travel between stops in `stop_times.txt`                                                                                                |
| [`stop_time_with_only_arrival_or_departure_time`](#stop_time_with_only_arrival_or_departure_time)                                 | Missing `stop_times.arrival_time` or `stop_times.departure_time`.                                                                                      |

> | [`stop_without_location`](#stop_without_location)                                                                                 | `stop_lat` and/or `stop_lon` missing for strop with `location_type` of `0`, `1`, or `2`                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`stop_without_location`](#stop_without_location) | `stop_lat` and/or `stop_lon` is missing for stop with `location_type` equal to`0`, `1`, or `2`
```

> | [`stop_without_location`](#stop_without_location)                                                                                   | `stop_lat` and/or `stop_lon` missing for strop with `location_type` of `0`, `1`, or `2`.                                                                                                                |

Reviewer 2: nit: is the table alignment off here?

Author: It actually doesn't look off to me. The lines are so wide, you have to stretch the editor window full screen to see alignment.  Here's the 10,000 foot view:
<img width="2143" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/40084/218267639-23f3e1af-ffdd-419a-8645-29e371315b96.png">

</details>

<a name="StopWithoutLocationNotice"/>

### stop_without_location

> `stop_lat` and/or `stop_lon` missing for strop with `location_type` of `0`, `1`, or `2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`stop_lat` and/or `stop_lon` are required for locations that are stops (`location_type=0`), stations (`location_type=1`) or entrances/exits (`location_type=2`).
```

#### References
* [GTFS stops.txt specification](https://gtfs.org/reference/static#stopstxt)
<details>

#### Notice fields description
| Field name               	| Description                                	| Type   	|
|--------------------------	|--------------------------------------------	|--------	|
| `stopId`                 	| The faulty record's id.                    	| String 	|

> | `locationType`            | The faulty record's `stops.location_type`. 	| Integer 	|

Reviewer 2: nit: ditto on alignment
